you I think you brought like your whole
cast here with you right isn't that
who'd you bring here with you
backstage yeah there's a few we've got
talker watch CD a director a director
yes you're Mark Ruffalo Mark Ruffalo
please the hook is beautiful in this
best birds and the Hulk you've seen by
far the best version and I like the
previous versions of yo not all of them
but okay but you know what I'm saying
sometimes the how can be too fake
looking hey Ken and then the
technologies advanced and and talked to
said don't do what we've done before and
mark on many occasions looked at me and
said are we wrecking this film I think
we have a camera backstage let's see if
Mark is back there and
bring home thank you I love this halt
this is a beautiful Hulk you put
together Thank You Jaime it's weird to
see you in clothes usually you're all
like naked yeah I know it's it's it's
strange I have a loincloth you do gotta
sit out you guys are you guys must be
pals for Mark to come along with you to
this because this is like work for mark
oh yeah we're really we're close and I'm
actually let me talk to taiko just get
the camera away from that side director
take its hi tiger
thank you to me this is a real dream
come true to sit in the green room in
the back you shot oh wait I'm sorry
about the interruption there but I just
did want to say that okay it's the
mighty for not the mighty bore so maybe
take a walk
I'm so sorry he's not supposed to go
into the guest rooms he has his own area
that he's supposed to stand making this
movie we had a lot of fun it was only 16
hours away from my house is there
rivalry between people from New Zealand
as you are and people from Australia
yeah sadly there is it's it's been it's
been going on for thousands of years but
you know what this is getting rid this
is what new reactors look like right
here Adam Carolla's coattails okay okay
enough already with that your father's
mid-thought him I didn't invite him Oh
cuz I mean I'm friends with him but more
out of why are you friends with me I
feel sorry for him he has nothing here's
nothing it's very sad this is our friend
in need so I just decided to extend the
handshake is it true you go on vacations
with him well he turned up at my house
in Australia oh he did uninvited but oh
really is that right yeah but I'm an
open person so it likes to go to things
that no one wants him at oh I know just
rolls up to events does he stay in your
house when unfortunately yeah oh no
yeah and he's kids as well and wow
that's nice enough yeah we better the
kids I don't hold it against the kids
know them better
Yuto yeah the kids are nicer yeah yeah
he's a pine they're cool
I'm on the show how does that even work
huh I hacked into the system oh yeah mr.
malson I've been here for a really long
time Jimmy decades yes I learned a lot
of stuff go backstage and eat the duty
potatoes that we made for you okay yeah
all right no you know what cut up the
screen saver whatever the emergency
screen saver okay
we get and you do nothing
what are you - I've got to get go take
care of her security okay thank you very
much worse I'm so sorry Chris I really
am when we come back we are hopefully
going to see an exclusive
never-before-seen hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if
you like that click the subscribe button
below and good things will happen
forever